.Dd 4/28/2025
.Dt GITHUB_MIRROR.CONF 5
.Os Darwin

.Sh NAME
.Nm github_mirror.conf
.Nd Configuration file for github_mirror

.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm

.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
file contains options used to specify github_mirror configuration.

.Pp
The file is in a INI format, where each line contains an option field and a
value field, separated by an equals character '='.  For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
option = value
.Ed

There are also section headers, which are enclosed in square brackets.
For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
[section]
option = value
.Ed
Some sections can be repeated (ex. [github]), while others are not (ex. [git]).

Each line specifies a single option/value pair.
Whitespace can be used freely before and after fields.
A hash character '#' begins a comment that extends to the end of the line.

.Pp
The options in the github section (repeatable) are:
.Bl -tag -width -indent

.It Cm endpoint
The GitHub GraphQL API endpoint to use.  The default is
.Lk https://api.github.com/graphql

.It Cm token
The GitHub API token to use.  Required.

This can either be a literal token or a path to a file containing the token.

.It Cm user_agent
The User-Agent string to use.  The default is
.Dq Cm github_mirror/VERSION
where VERSION is the version of the program.

.It Cm owner
The owner of the repository to mirror.  Required.

.It Cm skip-forks
If set to true, skip mirroring fork repositories owned by the user.
The default is false.

.It Cm skip-private
If set to true, skip mirroring private repositories owned by the user.
The default is false.

.El

.Pp
The options in the git section (not repeatable) are:
.Bl -tag -width -indent

.It Cm base
The base directory to mirror repositories into. The default is
.Pa /srv/git .

.El

.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width "/etc/github_mirror.conf" -compact
.It Pa /etc/github_mirror.conf
The
.Nm
configuration file.
.El

.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr github_mirror 1 ,
.Xr git 1
